Fixed Dead Link: Build your own #435 (#436)
huggingface/tokenizers: bindings/python/README.md

Whenever these provided tokenizers don't give you enough freedom, you can build your own tokenizer,
by putting all the different parts you need together.

> You can how we implemented the [provided tokenizers](https://github.com/huggingface/tokenizers/tree/master/bindings/python/tests/implementations) and adapt them easily to your own needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check how we implemented the [provided tokenizers](https://github.com/huggingface/tokenizers/tree/master/bindings/python/py_src/tokenizers/implementations) and adapt them easily to your own needs.
```

Author: Cool
